Add Wordpress builder documentation (#549)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/deployments/official-builders/wordpress-now-wordpress.mdx

import Doc from '~/components/layout/docs'
import { TerminalInput } from '~/components/text/terminal'
import { Code, InlineCode } from '~/components/text/code'
import { GenericLink } from '~/components/text/link'
import { Image } from '~/components/media'
import Caption from '~/components/text/caption'
import Note from '~/components/text/note'
import Example from '~/components/example'
import Tag from '~/components/text/tag'
import Card from '~/components/card'

export const meta = {

>   title: 'Wordpress Builder (@now/wordpress)',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title: 'WordPress Builder (@now/wordpress)',
```

  description:

>     'The official Wordpress Builder for ZEIT Now. Deploy Wordpress applications with ease.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    'The official WordPress Builder for ZEIT Now. Deploy WordPress applications with ease.'
```

}

<Tag>Status: Beta</Tag>

> The `@now/wordpress` builder takes in a `wp-config.php` file as an entry point, installs wordpress, and outputs it as a [Lambda](/docs/v2/deployments/concepts/lambdas).

Reviewer: We should upper-case `Builder`
```suggestion
The `@now/wordpress` Builder takes in a `wp-config.php` file as an entry point, installs WordPress, and outputs the result as a [Lambda](/docs/v2/deployments/concepts/lambdas).
```

`as a Lambda` or `as Lambdas` @igorklopov?

> ## When to use it

Reviewer: Let's try to start the tradition of using https://title.sh for all titles.
```suggestion
## When to Use It
```

> Whenever you want to quickly create a Wordpress site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever you want to quickly create a WordPress site, deploy it, and ship it live within moments.
```

### How to use it

> Define these two files within a folder like so:

Reviewer: This seems more verbose, which is important for Builder docs, I believe.
```suggestion
Define the following two files within a project directory:
```

- `ca.pem` - A source file that contains the database hosting CA certificate for securely connecting to a hosted MySQL database.

> - `wp-config.php` - A configuration file for Wordpress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `wp-config.php` - A configuration file for WordPress.
```

> Define the `ca.pem` source file by copying the contents of your **SSL CA certificate** from your MySQL cloud hosting provider to the file. Ensure you pick a database location that matches a Now deployment region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define the `ca.pem` source file by copying the contents of your **SSL CA certificate** from your MySQL cloud hosting provider to the file. Ensure that you pick a database location that matches and scales to the ZEIT Now platform [regions and providers](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/platform/regions-and-providers/).
```

> Define the `wp-config.php` source file by copying the content from [this wordpress builder example config file](https://github.com/zeit/now-builders/blob/master/packages/now-wordpress/test/fixtures/20-minimal/wp-config.php) into your `wp-config.php` file.

Reviewer: We need to try and link to other resources whenever we can, like a wikipedia article. Maximum information 😄 
```suggestion
Define the `wp-config.php` [source file](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/builds/#sources-and-outputs) by copying the content from [this WordPress Builder example config file](https://github.com/zeit/now-builders/blob/master/packages/now-wordpress/test/fixtures/20-minimal/wp-config.php) into your `wp-config.php` file.
```

Also not sure about linking to a test fixture as the content for a wp-config file. Is it too large to put here? Or as an example?

Author: I'd have loved to put it here, but it's really long. What about a gist? @timothyis

Author: On a second thought, it's not a bible, not too long, so I'd just put the code here. @timothyis

And finally, define a `now.json` like so:

```json
{
  "version": 2,
  "builds": [{ "src": "wp-config.php", "use": "@now/wordpress" }],
  "routes": [
    { "src": "/wp-admin/?", "dest": "index.php" },
    { "src": ".*\\.php$", "dest": "index.php" }
  ],
  "env": {
    "DB_NAME": "@wordpress_db_name",
    "DB_USER": "@wordpress_db_user",
    "DB_PASSWORD": "@wordpress_db_password",
    "DB_HOST": "@wordpress_db_host"
  }
}
```

<Caption>
  A <InlineCode>now.json</InlineCode> file defining the{' '}
  <GenericLink href="/docs/v2/platform/overview#versioning">
    Now platform version
  </GenericLink>{' '}
  and a build step using the <InlineCode>@now/wordpress</InlineCode> Builder.
</Caption>

<Note>
  Don't forget to add <InlineCode>wordpress_db_name</InlineCode>,{' '}
  <InlineCode>wordpress_db_user</InlineCode>,
  <InlineCode>wordpress_db_password</InlineCode>, and{' '}
  <InlineCode>wordpress_db_host</InlineCode> as{' '}
  <GenericLink href="/docs/v2/deployments/environment-variables-and-secrets/#securing-environment-variables-using-secrets">

>     secrets with now

Reviewer: Always capitalised 🙏 
```suggestion
    secrets with Now
```

  </GenericLink>{' '}
  to your deployment.
</Note>

After running `now`, you'll get a URL like this: https://wordpress-8yvrab9k2.now.sh/

## Technical Details

### Entrypoint

> The entrypoint file must always be a `wp-config.php` source file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The entry point must always be a `wp-config.php` source file.
```

> ### Wordpress Version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### WordPress Version
```

> The latest version of Wordpress is fetched from: https://wordpress.org/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latest version of WordPress is fetched from: https://wordpress.org/
```
